Chat: describe API (#6640)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChat/3 Methods/renderMessage(message).md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Renders a new message.

##### param(message): Message
A message to be rendered.

---
---
##### jQuery

This method is the primary way to render a new message in jQuery:

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(() => {
        const chat = $("#chat").dxChat({
            onMessageEntered: (e) => {
                e.component.renderMessage(e.message);
            },
        }).dxChat('instance');
    });

##### Angular

> [note] Calling this method is not native to {Framework}. Use [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#items) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] The use of this method is not native to {Framework}. Use [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#items) instead.
```

##### Vue

> [note] Calling this method is not native to {Framework}. Use [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#items) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] The use of this method is not native to {Framework}. Use [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#items) instead.
```

##### React

> [note] Calling this method is not native to {Framework}. Use [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#items) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] The use of this method is not native to {Framework}. Use [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#items) instead.
```
